Add more features to consider for managing the service. (#1511)
microsoft/dicom-server: docs/resources/dicom-server-maintaince-guide.md

| Capacity and Scale | Plan for expected production workloads and performance needs. Azure SQL Database and Azure App Service scale independently. Consider both horizontal and vertical scaling. |
| Network Security | Consider network security like Private endpoints and Virtual network access to the dependent services. This can provide additional security features for defense in depth. |
| Pricing | A basic App Service plan and SQL Database is deployed with the sample deployment. There are basic charges for these resources even if they are not used. |
| Data redundancy | Ensure the correct SQL Database and Storage Account SKU to provide for desired data redudancy and availability.  |
| Disaster recovery | Consider multi-region failover, back-ups and other techniques to support mission critical deployments. |
| Privacy | Ensure up-to-date policies, tools, and resources to be compliant with Privacy. |
| Compliance | Application Audit logs, Security scan, Data access management, Secure development life cycle, Secret management, access review... etc are some of the tools and process you will have to consider to store PHI data in HIPPA, HITRUST and ISO certified way. |

<br>

> > For getting started quickly and to run production workloads at scale with 99.9 SLA and all the mentioned things managed for you, we recommend the [Azure Health Data Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/dicom/dicom-services-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend trying [Azure Health Data Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/health-data-services/#overview) to get up-and-running quickly for production workloads. Our managed service takes care of all of the aforementioned complexity with a guaranteed SLA. Learn more about our managed DICOM Server offering [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/healthcare-apis/dicom/dicom-services-overview).
```
